= DaemonChild

A stripped down and hopefully more straightforward way to write daemons in 
Ruby.

* http://github.com/jro/daemonchild

Having written a few daemons in the past using the 'daemons' gem, I've 
always found it to be a bit to heavy-weight for me.  You can write a 
great, stable daemon based on it, but I've longed for something that 
felt more Unix-ey.  Does one thing, and (hopefully) does it well: turn
your ruby script into a daemon.  This project is my attempt at that.

== FEATURES 

* There aren't many.  It should just turn the running script into a
  daemon.  From there it's all on you.  

== SYNOPSIS

  require 'DaemonChild'

  DaemonChild.spawn
  <insert your code here>

== INSTALL

* gem install daemonchild

== TODO

Use the examples/ as a basis for tests

== KNOWN ISSUES

None (yet)!

== OTHER OPTIONS

In case DaemonChild doesn't fit your needs, here are some other 
options:

* http://daemons.rubyforge.org/
* http://github.com/TwP/servolux
* http://github.com/alexvollmer/daemon-spawn

== LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Jason Rohwedder

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


